README.md, before:

# React Assignment by Digital Jalebi

Welcome to the React Assignment! This is a React application for fetching user data from a provided API endpoint[DummyJSON], and displaying it in a table format. Additionally, it includes search functionality to filter users by name or email.

## Table of Contents

- [Preview](#preview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Preview

Visit this [URL](https://react-assignment-digital-jalebi.vercel.app/) to view a live demo.

|         All Users          |        Search By User         |
| :------------------------: | :---------------------------: |
| ![All](/demo_images/1.png) | ![Search](/demo_images/2.png) |

## Features

- Fetch user data from the provided API endpoint.
- Display user data in a table format.
- Implement search functionality to filter users by name or email.
- Responsive UI design.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MohakBajaj/react-assignment-digital-jalebi.git
   cd react-assignment-digital-jalebi
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

3. **Start the development server:**

   ```bash
   pnpm start
   ```

4. **Open your browser and visit [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view the application.**

## Usage

- Upon launching the application, you will see a search input field and a button.
- Enter a name or email in the search input field and click the "Search" button to filter users.
- The table will display the filtered users.

## Technologies Used

- **Vite**: A fast build tool for web development.
- **React.js**: JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **@tanstack/react-query**: A data fetching library for React applications.
- **@tanstack/react-table**: A flexible and extensible table library for React.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for styling.

## Credits

This project was completed by [Mohak Bajaj](https://github.com/mohakbajaj) as an assignment for a ReactJS Developer Coding Assignment by Digital Jalebi.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

chore: Update README with additional build and preview instructions

README.md, after:

# React Assignment by Digital Jalebi

Welcome to the React Assignment! This is a React application for fetching user data from a provided API endpoint[DummyJSON], and displaying it in a table format. Additionally, it includes search functionality to filter users by name or email.

## Table of Contents

- [Preview](#preview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Preview

Visit this [URL](https://react-assignment-digital-jalebi.vercel.app/) to view a live demo.

|         All Users          |        Search By User         |
| :------------------------: | :---------------------------: |
| ![All](/demo_images/1.png) | ![Search](/demo_images/2.png) |

## Features

- Fetch user data from the provided API endpoint.
- Display user data in a table format.
- Implement search functionality to filter users by name or email.
- Responsive UI design.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MohakBajaj/react-assignment-digital-jalebi.git
   cd react-assignment-digital-jalebi
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

3. **Start the development server:**

   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

4. **Open your browser and visit [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view the application.**

OR

3. **Build the Application**

```bash
pnpm preview
```

4. **Open your browser and visit [http://localhost:4173](http://localhost:4173) to view the application.**

## Usage

- Upon launching the application, you will see a search input field and a button.
- Enter a name or email in the search input field and click the "Search" button to filter users.
- The table will display the filtered users.

## Technologies Used

- **Vite**: A fast build tool for web development.
- **React.js**: JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **@tanstack/react-query**: A data fetching library for React applications.
- **@tanstack/react-table**: A flexible and extensible table library for React.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for styling.

## Credits

This project was completed by [Mohak Bajaj](https://github.com/mohakbajaj) as an assignment for a ReactJS Developer Coding Assignment by Digital Jalebi.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
